So let's look at defining some terms really quickly.
What is DevOps and what is CI/CD?
DevOps is a blanket term that we'll be using for tooling, practices, and ideas
that allow organizations to build better software faster.
Now,
some examples of things that might fall under a DevOps umbrella could
be things like source control systems or agile software development
practices, as well as infrastructure as code,
automated testing, or even automated deployments.
Now you might already have some of these in your organization,
but we'll look at how they can all work together throughout this course.
In addition to DevOps, let's look at what the concept of CI/CD means.
Let's start by defining the CI, which stands for continuous integration.
Continuous integration happens from when you very first commit your
code changes into a source control repository. Then,
with continuous integration, if your code needs to be built,
you'll end up building code.
And then if you have things like tests that you're running,
you'll also run those tests as well.
Now this is all allowing you to integrate your code and prepare it for things
like deployment and maybe tests inside of a test environment.
Continuous integration stops at the point where you're running those
tests against your built code that you've just committed.
If you'd like to extend this process a little further,
you could use continuous delivery,
which would go through all the same steps here, except it would extend to
deploying your code to a test environment and then potentially deploying
it to production after a manual approval.
Now there's another term that you might hear thrown around
for CD instead of continuous delivery, which is continuous deployment.
The difference there is that there's no manual approval process inside of
the continuous deployment pipeline here. You go straight from committing
code to building the code if it needs to be built to any unit tests that
you might need to run against it,
and then you might deploy it into a test environment and run some
things like integration tests inside of a test environment before
automatically deploying it to production.
That manual approval step is only there for continuous
delivery. So now that we know what CI/CD stands for and what
DevOps is in a little bit more detail, you should know what we're going to be focusing on inside of this course.